Added link further explaining ERB in the 'Getting Started' documentation [ci skip] (#49640)
rails/rails: guides/source/getting_started.md

</ul>
```

> The above code is a mixture of HTML and *ERB*. ERB, short for [Embedded Ruby](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ERuby), is a templating system that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code is a mixture of HTML and *ERB*. ERB, short for [Embedded Ruby](https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/3.2/ERB.html), is a templating system that
```

> The above code is a mixture of HTML and *ERB*. ERB, short for [Embedded Ruby](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ERuby#:~:text=Embedded%20Ruby%20), is a templating system that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above code is a mixture of HTML and *ERB*. ERB, short for [Embedded Ruby](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ERuby), is a templating system that
```

Author: Great suggestion! I'll go ahead and make the change.
